In a randomized design experiment, units
are assigned randomly to treatment and
control groups.
However, this doesn't mean that
there needs to be an equal
number of treatments and controls.
You just have to make sure
the sample size is large enough, and
the groups are representative
of the population.
In the grocery store website experiment,
you'll see in the data
that each visit to the website is
randomly sent to one of three servers.
The experimental website page
is displayed on server three,
whereas the control website page is
displayed on servers one and two.
In this case, we'd expect to see about
33% of the units in the treatment group,
and 67% of the units
in the control group.
At this point,
we have everything we need- the unit
of diversion is the IP address.
The population is all site
visitors without an account,
the duration is one week.
And the size is one-third of
the traffic to treatment units and
two-thirds to control units.
We can now hand over the experiment
design to be implemented on the site and
start collecting data.